ala_bact_1yfs_A_aeolicus - missing data
ala_bact_3hxv_E_coli - missing data
asn_bact_5zg8_T_thermophilus - missing data
asp_bact_5w25_M_tuberculosis - missing data
asp_bact_E_faecalis - missing data
asp_bact_S_haemolyticus - missing data
his_bact_1adj_T_thermophilus - missing data
phe_bact_3pco_E_coli - missing data
phe_bact_E_faecalis - missing data
ser_bact_2dq3_A_aeolicus - missing data
gly_bact_1ati_T_thermophilus - bad translation (6.13% incorrect)
ala_bact_D_radiodurans - bad alignment (62 errors)
ala_bact_R_palustris - bad alignment (2 errors)
asp_bact_B_licheniformis - bad alignment (47 errors)
gly_bact_1j5w_T_maritima - bad alignment (4 errors)
gly_bact_3ufg_C_jejuni - bad alignment (5 errors)
gly_bact_B_thailandensis - bad alignment (36 errors)
gly_bact_E_coli - bad alignment (1 errors)
his_bact_3net_N_nostoc - bad alignment (3 errors)
his_bact_C_aggregans - bad alignment (48 errors)
phe_bact_G_obscuriglobus - bad alignment (3 errors)
pro_bact_H_aurantiacus - bad alignment (41 errors)
thr_bact_B_licheniformis - bad alignment (37 errors)
thr_bact_B_bacillaceae - bad alignment (6 errors)
thr_bact_C_thermalis - bad alignment (33 errors)
