ala_bact_1yfr_A_aeolicus - missing data
ala_bact_B_licheniformis - missing data
ala_bact_B_thailandensis - missing data
ala_bact_E_faecalis - missing data
ala_bact_R_palustris - missing data
ala_bact_S_haemolyticus - missing data
asn_bact_6pqh_E_anophelis_aln - missing data
asn_arch_1nnh_P_furiosis_aln - missing data
asn_arch_1x54_P_horikoshii_aln - missing data
asn_bact_3m4p_E_histolytica - missing data
asn_bact_D_radiodurans - missing data
asp_bact_1c0a_E_coli_aln - missing data
asp_bact_1efw_T_thermophilus_aln - missing data
asp_bact_4wj4_P_aeruginosa_aln - missing data
asp_bact_5w25_M_tuberculosis_aln - missing data
asp_bact_B_licheniformis - missing data
asp_bact_P_mikurensis - missing data
gly_bact_1ati_T_thermophilus - missing data
gly_bact_1j5w_T_maritima - missing data
gly_bact_3ufg_C_jejuni - missing data
gly_bact_5f5w_A_aeolicus - missing data
gly_bact_B_thailandensis - missing data
gly_bact_E_coli - missing data
gly_bact_C_thermailis_alpha - missing data
gly_bact_B_licheniformis - missing data
gly_bact_S_elongatus - missing data
his_bact_1htt_E_coli_aln - missing data
his_bact_1qe0_S_aureus_aln - missing data
his_bact_3net_N_nostoc_aln - missing data
his_bact_3rac_A_acidocaldarius_aln - missing data
his_bact_4e51_B_thailandensis_aln - missing data
his_bact_4rdx_T_thermophilus_aln - missing data
his_bact_5e3i_A_baumann_aln - missing data
lys_bact_1bbw_E_coli_aln - missing data
lys_bact_3a74_G_stearothermophilus_aln - missing data
lys_bact_3g1z_S_typhimurium_aln - missing data
lys_bact_4ex5_B_thailandensis_aln - missing data
lys_bact_6aqg_M_ulcerans_aln - missing data
lys_bact_6aqh_M_thermosresistibile_aln - missing data
lys_bact_6ns0_C_trachomatis_aln - missing data
lys_bact_1e1o_E_coli - missing data
lys_bact_3g1z_S_typhimurium - missing data
lys_bact_4ex5_B_thailandensis - missing data
lys_bact_6aqg_M_ulcerans - missing data
lys_bact_6ns0_C_trachomatis - missing data
lys_bact_P_mikurensis - missing data
phe_bact_2aly_T_thermophilus_aln - missing data
phe_bact_2rhq_S_haemolyticus__aln - missing data
phe_bact_3pco_E_coli_aln - missing data
phe_bact_4p71_P_aeruginosa_c - missing data
phe_bact_A_aeolicus - missing data
phe_bact_A_asiaticus - missing data
phe_bact_B_fragilis - missing data
phe_bact_B_licheniformis - missing data
phe_bact_B_thailandensis - missing data
phe_bact_C_aggregans - missing data
phe_bact_C_jejuni - missing data
phe_bact_C_thermalis - missing data
phe_bact_D_radiodurans - missing data
phe_bact_G_osbcuriglobus - missing data
phe_bact_H_aurantiacus - missing data
phe_bact_M_mobile - missing data
phe_bact_M_smegmatis - missing data
phe_bact_P_mikurensis - missing data
pro_bact_1hc7_T_thermophilus_aln - missing data
pro_bact_2i4l_R_palustris_aln - missing data
pro_bact_2j3m_E_faecalis_aln - missing data
pro_bact_5ucm_P_aeruginosa_aln - missing data
pro_bact_5znj_E_coli_aln - missing data
pro_bact_2i4l_R_palustris1 - missing data
pro_bact_P_mikurensis - missing data
pyl_arch_2q7e_M_mazei - missing data
pyl_arch_2znj_D_hafniense_a - missing data
pyl_arch_M_horonobensis - missing data
pyl_arch_M_lacustris - missing data
pyl_arch_M_mazei - missing data
pyl_arch_M_methylutens - missing data
pyl_arch_M_soligelidi - missing data
pyl_arch_M_thermophila - missing data
pyl_arch_M_vacuolata - missing data
pyl_arch_M_hollandica - missing data
sep_arch_2du6_A_fulgidus - missing data
sep_arch_2du7_M_jannacshii - missing data
sep_arch_2odr_M_maripaludis - missing data
sep_arch_M_boonei - missing data
sep_arch_M_evestigatum - missing data
sep_arch_M_infernus - missing data
sep_arch_M_mahii - missing data
sep_arch_M_palustris - missing data
sep_arch_M_petrolearia - missing data
sep_arch_M_zhilinae - missing data
ser_bact_6h9x_K_pneumoniae_aln - missing data
ser_bact_T_thermalis - missing data
thr_bact_1evk_E_coli_aln - missing data
thr_bact_1nyr_S_aureus_aln - missing data
thr_bact_B_bacillaceae - missing data
thr_bact_A_aeolicus - missing data
thr_bact_P_mikurensis - missing data
thr_bact_T_thermalis - missing data
lys_bact_B_licheniformis - bad translation (94.20% incorrect)
ala_bact_D_radiodurans - bad alignment (53 errors)
gly_bact_G_stearothermophilus - bad alignment (2 errors)
his_bact_C_aggregans - bad alignment (33 errors)
his_bact_M_mobile - bad alignment (1 errors)
lys_bact_C_jejuni - bad alignment (1 errors)
lys_bact_G_obscuriglobus - bad alignment (4 errors)
pro_bact_H_aurantiacus - bad alignment (33 errors)
thr_bact_B_licheniformis - bad alignment (26 errors)
thr_bact_G_obscuriglobus - bad alignment (1 errors)
